I understand, I will try my best to help you.
I'll take you to where you live first
Although this is a legacy villa area
But there are too many survivors now.
I can only squeeze you out of these two rooms
Squeeze a room for the few of us and take turns sleeping directly
Let them two girls squeeze into this room
Yeah, it's in really good condition here.
Better than being a patient
Thanks bro
What's wrong?
I still have something to tell them.
Liu Wei, call the two of them over
I won't bother you
Feel free to contact me if you have anything.
sit
Now is the time to explain to you, Team Jiang
Actually, from our meeting at the station
I thought something was wrong with you
But I can't figure out what's wrong
I haven't had time to talk to you
In fact, I am from 8 years later
Ah!